Gunpra Kitt Review of the Memories Heavy Duty Machine L Gaim
Base machine works
Works will appear in the anime heavy fighter L Gaim
On the launching rail at the top of the machine that is the base machine for heavy metal
It is possible to carry heavy metal and carry it and there are 4 floating units at the bottom of the aircraft
Land and sea thanks to the system
A stable high school while floating is possible
As a chain unit with high maintenance ability and habitability
Oh Daa of was quite finished machine
The weapon is the power launcher for escorts and the power of the minister laser cannon L
It's being housed in the rear of the aircraft launchers and binder is Gaim and spiral
Doing Nante docking center stand up to the flashy soil safely to N Which of the flow
I did not give you
The hero of Dabamairodo and everyone received the planet core 6, which was the beginning of the stage it is in the play
We have but a country I think I was riding at the time came to do from the village Amu garter of fore 6
There will be almost no turn after coming , but until then, with the support mechanism of Ale Takeru
And it was a big success
Surely the price is 600 yen, I feel like a little smaller
It is sure that the kit itself is really good
The biggest selling of this kit is the ability to store 1/144 Elgeim's ankle
It is that parts are attached
Just because there is this part , the combined scene with Land Booster Spirits also has an expression
It feels good
Why a thing that you or I thought of how the Urameshiku did not put the parts from the beginning
Because I'm already glued, I have to buy a new L-Gaim or break parts and start over
Because there is no way
Works is what was bought to everyone usually Nde there was a surprisingly popular
It feels good to remodeling of the classic is modified so as to be able to run reproduce it by crane cockpit
What
There are a lot of people who want to reproduce the combined scene of Ikubu which is after all spiral flow and plastic lumber
I'm forced to stand with a wire or something, but there is a way to fix El Gaim
It 's something I was at a loss for sure .
If you changed the harmful 6 of the high complete model and the super high complete model
It was a kit to make it handy as a pedestal. Even now with high grade version of El Gaim
You can use it
Figure of early arm Ya was in the Gaim of Super High Complete model
Spiral flow is also attached
It was a good feeling to put it on the work , but the guy who bought it is yeah yeah
Sunge higher was Nde I Nante Octopus or game bocce I'm could not buy
It was echoing that I bought by force.
Tohoho
Of course, Octopus played down and the battery cost also sounded like a wallet
I met you